(All racers please make your way
to the starting grid.)
(In the pole position is
number 17. Jacky Stewart.)
(In second place on the grid is number 18.)
Hey. What are you doing to my car?
(In third place is Lupin the Third.)
Uh. I'm checking the oil...
Oil. huh?
Well. are you in charge this car?
No. well...
Then I don't need your help.
This car has already been checked.
Yes sir!
Jigen. Lupin here.
A suspicious man showed up here.
By the way. how are things over there?
Here. it is very peaceful.
The birds are singing like Pi-chi-ku.
I don't care about you.
How is my lover...
...Fujiko Mine?
Has she contacted you?
Your lover?
She snuck into the Hotel Miracle.
After that we lost
contact with her.
But I'm sure she'll be fine.
In today's general meeting
we are to discuss...
...the fate of Scorpion's rival. Lupin
the Third. We will conduct his funeral.
True. Lupin is not dead yet...
...but he will die soon enough.
And we shall all bear
witness to his death.
Now then. before we start...
Damn!
This is Jigen. What's happening?
Ah. Jigen. Please contact
Lupin as soon as possible.
Scorpion is going to...
Lupin is Burning?!
I let you run free even though...
...I knew you were up to
something like this.
You intend to warn Lupin...
...and in doing so ruin
my plan for his funeral.
Isn't that right?
Scorpion. using such an
obvious trick...
It's a bit much. don't you think?
Yes. I do think you will serve nicely...
...as a flower for me
to place on his grave.
Do you want me to be a baton
girl at his funeral?
I am sorry. but I doubt I'll
get a change for that.
Lupin will never die.
In the past maybe.
But this time I can assure you...
I can assure you Lupin will die.
Hyda speedway.
It took 5 years...
...and 5 billion to construct.
It is the largest speedway in the East.
Today. the inauguration of the Formula 1
Grand Prix will take place there...
...and we have used the Japan Racing Association
to invite a certain individual.
The man driving the Ferrari 321.
The man called...
...Lupin the third.
He is indeed a very careful man.
But send him an invitation to a race...
...and he'll always come running.
People are peculiar creatures.
eh. Ms. Mine?
But is this all really worth it?
You've spent 5 billion...
...just to kill Lupin.
What I am going to destroy
is not only Lupin. the man...
...but Lupin. the symbol of the entire
crime empire that depends on him.
If our rivals loose his support...
...their businesses will go under.
The race is about to start.
The track passes through
mountains and valleys...
...and there might even be
a pitfall or two along the way.
Am I right?
We've placed a hundred video
cameras around the track.
They will allow us to
see the entire race.
And Ms. Mine...
As you watch him die...
...you. too. will die.
Jigen. I feel great...
...and my machine feels great. too.
Lupin. I've got the feeling
something's not right.
We lost contact with
her 30 minutes ago.
I see. She must have fallen
for their tricks.
Well. it's OK.
Hey. how is it OK?
CIA's statistics research has shown spies
always reveal themselves sooner or later.
Anyway...
...Fujiko has been caught by them.
and I've fallen into their trap.
I'm going to take the initiative
while their guard is down.
That's the trick to this race.
"Trap"? Did you say "trap"?
I see... This race.
That's right.
All racer and cars...
...appear to be top notch.
John Surtees in a Surtees TS7.
Jackie Stewart in a Ford Tyrrell.
Denny Hulme in a McLaren.
Beltoise in a Matra-Simca.
But in reality...
...they're nothing but imposters.
These car aren't what they seem. either.
I can recognize them by
their engine noise.
These cars were made by the
Scorpion group.
I don't know what kind of trap they
have prepared for me. though.
To find out. I acted like I didn't
know anything and came.
Lupin. stop talking.
A car is closing in on
you from the behind.
It's the Lotus 72.
Lupin. is it Scorpion?
No. it's my nemesis...
...Zenigata from the
Metropolitan Police.
Zenigata...
Lupin. Just how many years
have I followed you like this?
Fate.
If you were not the grandson
of Arsene Lupin...
If I were not a descendant
of Zenigata...
But... I will arrest you.
You pretentious rascal.
Today I will...
...I will finally arrest you.
You must be scheming something big
to appear here today.
I won't take my eyes off your car...
...no matter what happens.
This is the commissioner
to all mechanics.
Get ready to commence Operation:
Lupin the Third Strike Out.
Roger!
Hah. The show is starting.
Well then. let's get started
on this end. too.
We need to make it look like
an accident. Ms. Mine.
Still. nothing less from Lupin.
He survived the
first attempt...
...even while doing
120 kilometers per hour.
His driving skills equal those of
a top level professional.
Damn!
Jigen. It's getting more interesting.
Let's get started.
All right. then...
From the bureau of waterworks?
Checking on a problem?
Yes. I got a phone call
from your company.
Apparently there's a problem
with your employee toilets.
That's strange. Nobody
notified me of this.
Well. if it's a mistake.
guess I'm all done here.
Wait. wait...
Please check anyway.
All right.
Here it is. Please
have a quick look.
Yes sir.
Let's see. the problem was supposedly
in the ladies toilet...
Oh. this isn't good at all.
It's all clogged up.
You're not supposed to
put stuff like this in here.
You're Lupin!
Good night!
Ah! Stop it!
It tickles!
Let me go!
Ah!
Stop it!
How are you feeling?
Lupin is going to die soon.
Wonder what will become of you?
Please open the door!
What's going on?!
Check it!
Wa... Water?!
What's with this water?!
Shut the door quick! Hurry!
It's Lupin. Lupin did it!
What are you talking about?!
See for yourself.
Unless Lupin pulled a miracle...
I already did.
Eh?
Lupin... Lupin...
Lupin!
That's right. In a hotel called "Miracle".
one would expect miracles to happen. no?
Well. let's get on with
Scorpion's funeral.
Shoot him! Shoot him!
Hi there. Fujiko.
How are you feeling?
Oh. I'm feeling all right. Mr. Lupin.
However. I wish...
...you would have
come a bit sooner.
Not at all. I should have
come a bit later.
Zenigata! Your driving
technique is alright...
...but my car is far superior...
...so don't feel bad about this.
Hey. baby.
How did you like Scorpion's?
Umm... It was all right.
What about you? How did
you like being a racer?
Now then. let's finish this.
And now. the victory celebration!
And so...
Damn... I thought that he was going to
do something during the race...
...but the only thing he
stole was away.
Eh?
13... 12... 11...
10... 9... 8... 7...
6... 5... 4...
Hey! Officer!
Present!
After him! After him!
I knew it!
Hey you! Get out of my way!
No can do. If you don't want to die.
you should stay here.
What?!
It's time...
3... 2... 1... zero!
Hey there. Zenigata.
Fancy seeing you here.
Lupin. What the hell?
It's burning! It's burning!
Lupin is burning!
Fire!
Hey you! What did you do?
Now. now. I have an alibi.
You are my witness.
You're with the Metropolitan Police.
remember?
You were right behind my
car during the whole race.
Don't underestimate me. Lupin!
You think that I'm just a
third-class police officer.
But you're wrong!
I know everything you have been doing.
I have a witness.
The jig is up.
This is how it is.
Ah! Jigen! No. I mean...
Who is this guy?
Eh?
Fujiko! You didn't!
That's right.
Fujiko was in on it
from the start.
Lupin. you are under arrest!
Well then. Mr. Zenigata.
We had a deal.
Now give me what you promised.
I'm a man of honor.
Here it is!
An arrest warrant!?
Is it yours?
Yes. I'm a free woman now.
Lupin. I'm sorry.
In other words. freedom is
an important thing to have.
And Lupin. you'll have no
freedom from now on.
Resistance is futile.
Now get going!
Stop resisting already!
You can't escape from me.
Punishment falls upon
the traitor. then?
No way! Betrayal is just another
one of women's accessories.
If I didn't understand
such a thing...
I couldn't love women.
Don't you think?
Stop it! Stop...
Hey. what's up? In next week's episode.
a strange man appears.
His name is Pycal.
bullets bounce off of him and he
throws fire with his finger.
I couldn't do anything
against him.
this man they call a magician.
Please. join the action
in the next episode
Twine itself around my feet
Kick the red waves
Machine scream
It's like a crazy morning light
Walter P-38
In my hand
When I hold it
Everything will disappear
It's a rule
Lupin the Third